It was a gloomy, rainy day in the University of Wisconsin Madison. As James got woken up by his 8:00 AM alarm, ready to start his class, he looked out the window and let out a long sigh.
 What was left of summer was all but gone; replaced by the cold and rainy Fall of Madison. He reminiced the things he did with his friends when he went bac kto his hometown back in the suburbs of Chicago, wishing that he could go back to the carefree days of summer holiday. As he was putting on his shoes with a slice of bread in his mouth, he recived a phone call that shocked him to the bone. At that moment, time seemed to have stopped and the bread that he was holidng in his mouth dropped to the ground. He immediately grabbed some clothes, shoved it in his backpack and called an Uber to the airport. 

"Where ya' flying to?" asked the Uber driver.

"Paris. There's a very valuable painting that is going up for auction 
tomorrow. It was painted by my grandfather. It is very important to my
 family."

"Gee. What's so important about this painting? What's it a picture of?"

"My grandmother. She passed away a while ago and it's the last memory we have of her."

The Uber driver nodded solemnly, seeming to accept this sentimentality as the truth. In actuality, the 
painting harbored a very dangerous family secret, one that I couldn't allow the world to find out. I urged
the Uber driver to go faster, tapping my feet with impatience.
Suddenly, the uber driver driving faster and faster. " I used to a honda race team driver and I set the fastest FWD car record on the Nurburgring for them. So don't worry you will be there on time," said Uber Driver.

I ask him to slow down a bit as it was getting a bit too fast for my liking but he ignored my request and continued at that break neck speed. I soon relized that this was no ordinary Uber driver and that 
deducted that he knew about the painting.

Luckly he didn't lock the door, so I held my breath ,opend the car door, as jumped out of the car. 

You might be wondering how in the world would I survive jumping out a of a fast moving car but all I have to say is that the painting has eveything to do with it. 
